Let's start talking about RDDs.
The RDD, Resilient Distributed Dataset is the fundamental data structure of Apache Spark.
An RDD is an immutable collection of objects.
This means an RDD is a read only dataset,
and the only way to create an RDD is to load a dataset or paralyze a dataset
or to convert an existing RDD into a new one using transformation operations.
RDDs compute on a different nodes of the cluster.
Each and every dataset in a spark RDD is logically partitioned
across many servers so that they can be computed on different nodes of the cluster.
RDD stands for Resilient.
RDDs are fault tolerant, in other words,
they possess self recovery capabilities in case of failure.
Distributed. Since data resides on multiple nodes,
a dataset represents records of the data you work with.
The user can load a dataset externally which can be either adjacent file,
CSV file, text file or database with no specific data structure.